Add multi-stage scenarios in Access Review API V1.0 (#17000)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/accessreviewstagesettings.md

---
title: "accessReviewStageSettings resource type"

> description: "In Azure AD access reviews, the accessReviewStageSettings represents the settings of the stages associated with a multi-stage access review."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents the settings of the stages associated with a multi-stage access review."
```

|reviewers|[accessReviewReviewerScope](../resources/accessreviewreviewerscope.md) collection|Defines who the reviewers are. If none are specified, the review is a self-review (users review their own access).  For examples of options for assigning reviewers, see [Assign reviewers to your access review definition using the Microsoft Graph API](/graph/accessreviews-reviewers-concept). <br/><br/>**NOTE:** The value of this property will override the corresponding setting on the [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](accessReviewScheduleDefinition.md). |

> |stageId|String|Unique identifier of the **accessReviewStageSettings**. The **stageId** will be used in **dependsOn** property to indicate the stage relationship. Required. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|stageId|String|Unique identifier of the **accessReviewStageSettings** object. The **stageId** will be used by the **dependsOn** property to indicate the stage relationship. Required. |
```
